Azure Arc enabled servers Key Vault day 2 scenario (#305)
microsoft/azure_arc: docs/azure_arc_jumpstart/azure_arc_servers/day2/arc_keyvault/_index.md

---
type: docs

> title: "Key Vault"
> linkTitle: "Key Vault"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Key Vault Integration"
linkTitle: "Key Vault Integration"
```

weight: 4
description: >
---

> ## Deploy Monitoring Agent Extension to Azure Arc Linux and Windows servers using Azure Policy

Reviewer: Fix title

> The scenario will show you how to onboard the [Azure Key Vault](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/extensions/key-vault-windows) extension on an Azure Arc enabled Server, and then use a certificate managed by keyvault to secure web traffic with TLS on a web server. In this guide, we will focus on securing an Ubuntu web server. The only prerequiste you need to complete this scenario is an existing Azure Arc enabled server running Ubuntu 18.04 (other Ubuntu releases may also work but have not been tested).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The scenario will show you how to onboard the [Azure Key Vault](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/extensions/key-vault-windows) extension on an Azure Arc enabled server, and then use a certificate managed by key vault to secure web traffic with TLS on a web server. 

In this guide, we will focus on securing an Ubuntu web server. The only prerequisite you need to complete for this scenario is an existing Azure Arc enabled server running Ubuntu 18.04 (other Ubuntu releases may also work but have not been tested).
```

> The scenario will show you how to onboard the [Azure Key Vault](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/extensions/key-vault-windows) extension on an Azure Arc enabled Server, and then use a certificate managed by keyvault to secure web traffic with TLS on a web server. In this guide, we will focus on securing an Ubuntu web server. The only prerequiste you need to complete this scenario is an existing Azure Arc enabled server running Ubuntu 18.04 (other Ubuntu releases may also work but have not been tested).

Reviewer: Windows references and links instead of Linux/Ubuntu

> **If you don't yet have an Ubuntu server that is Azure Arc enabled, this repository offers you a way to do so in an automated fashion. Complete one of the scenarios below before proceeding:**
> 
> * **[GCP Ubuntu VM](gcp_terraform_ubuntu.md)**
> * **[AWS Ubuntu VM](aws_terraform_ubuntu.md)**
> * **[Azure Ubuntu VM](azure_arm_template_linux.md)**
> * **[VMware Ubuntu VM](vmware_terraform_ubuntu.md)**
> * **[Local Ubuntu VM](local_vagrant_ubuntu.md)**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**If you don't yet have an Ubuntu server that is Azure Arc enabled, this repository offers you a way to do so in an automated fashion. Complete one of the scenarios below before proceeding:**

> **Note: This guide assumes you already deployed an Ubuntu server that is running on-premises or in other clouds and you have connected them to Azure Arc but If you haven't, this repository offers you a way to do so in an automated fashion:**

* **[GCP Ubuntu instance](https://azurearcjumpstart.io/azure_arc_jumpstart/azure_arc_servers/gcp/gcp_terraform_ubuntu/)**
* **[AWS Ubuntu EC2 instance](https://azurearcjumpstart.io/azure_arc_jumpstart/azure_arc_servers/aws/aws_terraform_ubuntu/)**
* **[Azure Ubuntu VM](https://azurearcjumpstart.io/azure_arc_jumpstart/azure_arc_servers/azure/azure_arm_template_linux/)**
* **[VMware vSphere Ubuntu VM](https://azurearcjumpstart.io/azure_arc_jumpstart/azure_arc_servers/vmware/vmware_terraform_ubuntu/)**
* **[Vagrant Ubuntu box](https://azurearcjumpstart.io/azure_arc_jumpstart/azure_arc_servers/vagrant/local_vagrant_ubuntu/)**
```

This is aligned with the rest of the day-2 scenarios

## Prerequisites

> * Clone this repo
> 
>     ```console
>     git clone https://github.com/microsoft/azure_arc.git
>     ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Clone this repo

* Clone the Azure Arc Jumpstart repository

    ```shell
    git clone https://github.com/microsoft/azure_arc.git
    ```
```

* As mentioned, this guide starts at the point where you already deployed and connected VMs or bare-metal servers to Azure Arc. For this scenario, as can be seen in the screenshots below, we will be using an Amazon Web Services (AWS) EC2 instance that has been already connected to Azure Arc and is visible as a resource in Azure.

    ![Screenshot showing EC2 instance in AWS console](./01.png)

    ![Screenshot showing Azure Arc enabled server](./02.png)

> * [Install or update Azure CLI](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/install-azure-cli?view=azure-cli-latest). Azure CLI should be running version 2.15 or later. Use ```az --version``` to check your current installed version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Install or update Azure CLI to version 2.7 and above](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/install-azure-cli?view=azure-cli-latest). Use the below command to check your current installed version.

  ```shell
  az --version
  ```
```

> ## Create an Azure Keyvault and a new self-signed certificate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Create an Azure Key Vault and a new self-signed certificate
```

> First, we will create a new Azure resource group, Azure Keyvault and a self-signed certificate from an Az CLI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, we will create a new Azure resource group, Azure Key Vault and a self-signed certificate from an Az CLI.
```

> * Create a new resource group to hold the keyvault.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Create a new resource group to hold the key vault resource.
```

>     ```console

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```shell
```

    az group create --name <name for your resource group> --location <location for your resource group>
    ```

    ![Screenshot of creating a resource group from Az CLI](./03.png)

> * Create a new keyvault. Note that keyvault names must be globally unique.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Create a new key vault resource. Note that key vault names must be globally unique.
```

>     ```console

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```shell
```

    az keyvault create --name <name for your keyvault> --location <location> --resource-group <name of your resource group>
    ```

    ![Screenshot of creating a keyvault from Az CLI](./04.png)

* Create a new self-signed certificate with keyvault.

>     ```console

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```shell
```

    sudo service nginx restart
    ```

    ![Screenshot showing restart of nginx service](./21.png)

* Test everything by accessing your Nginx webserver over HTTPS. Open a browser and enter "https://XX.XX.XX.XX" into the address bar, replacing the placeholder with the public IP address of your server.

  * You should see a warning describing that your connection is not private or secure. The message will vary depending on which web browser you use.

    ![Screenshot showing accessing web server in browser](./22.png)

  * If you are using Microsoft Edge, you can validate that your certificate is being used by comparing the certificate thumbprint reported in the browser with your certificate thumbprint in Key Vault, as seen in the screenshots below. Click the "Not secure" box to the left of the address bar, then click "Certificate (not valid)" and open the "Details" tab to view the thumbprint.

    ![Screenshot showing browser certificate thumbprint](./23.png)

    ![Screenshot showing browser certificate thumbprint](./24.png)

    ![Screenshot showing Key Vault certificate thumbprint](./25.png)

## Clean up environment

Complete the following steps to clean up your environment.

> * Delete the keyvault by running the following command in Az CLI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Delete the key vault resource by running the following command in Az CLI.
```

  ```shell
  az keyvault delete --name <name of your keyvault>
  ```

  ![Screenshot showing Key Vault being deleted from Az CLI](./26.png)

* Remove the virtual machines from each environment by following the teardown instructions from each guide.

>   * **[GCP Ubuntu instance](https://azurearcjumpstart.io/azure_arc_jumpstart/azure_arc_servers/gcp/gcp_terraform_ubuntu/) / [GCP Windows instance](https://azurearcjumpstart.io/azure_arc_jumpstart/azure_arc_servers/gcp/gcp_terraform_windows/)**
>   * **[AWS Ubuntu EC2 instance](https://azurearcjumpstart.io/azure_arc_jumpstart/azure_arc_servers/aws/aws_terraform_ubuntu/)**
>   * **[VMware vSphere Ubuntu VM](https://azurearcjumpstart.io/azure_arc_jumpstart/azure_arc_servers/vmware/vmware_terraform_ubuntu/) / [VMware vSphere Windows Server VM](https://azurearcjumpstart.io/azure_arc_jumpstart/azure_arc_servers/vmware/vmware_terraform_winsrv/)**
>   * **[Vagrant Ubuntu box](https://azurearcjumpstart.io/azure_arc_jumpstart/azure_arc_servers/vagrant/local_vagrant_ubuntu/) / [Vagrant Windows box](https://azurearcjumpstart.io/azure_arc_jumpstart/azure_arc_servers/vagrant/local_vagrant_windows/)**

Reviewer: Ubuntu-based scenario. Removing Windows

```suggestion
  * **[GCP Ubuntu instance](https://azurearcjumpstart.io/azure_arc_jumpstart/azure_arc_servers/gcp/gcp_terraform_ubuntu/)**
  * **[AWS Ubuntu EC2 instance](https://azurearcjumpstart.io/azure_arc_jumpstart/azure_arc_servers/aws/aws_terraform_ubuntu/)**
 * **[Azure Ubuntu VM](https://azurearcjumpstart.io/azure_arc_jumpstart/azure_arc_servers/azure/azure_arm_template_linux/)**
  * **[VMware vSphere Ubuntu VM](https://azurearcjumpstart.io/azure_arc_jumpstart/azure_arc_servers/vmware/vmware_terraform_ubuntu/)**
  * **[Vagrant Ubuntu box](https://azurearcjumpstart.io/azure_arc_jumpstart/azure_arc_servers/vagrant/local_vagrant_ubuntu/)**
```
